BEEP
Tonight, MERS, SARS, bird flu, mutating superbugs are threatening to wipe out mankind.
Do we think we rule the planet?
No.
They rule the planet.
Their attack is always vicious.
The majority of the exposed people will die.
It could lead to a viral armageddon, a bio-pocalypse.
If you've got the lab, if you've got the scientists necessary, effectively, you could come up with a zombie-type virus.
Whoa.
And it could be your next-door neighbor who starts it all.
You need a table and a sink, and that's a laboratory.
Once the biopocalypse strikes, we may not know what hit us.
What the hell is that?
Until it's too late.
You're gonna have a huge death toll before you ever catch up with it.
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
This is GigaOM Biological.
coming to you live every once in a while.
I'm going to try and make it better and better.
I don't want to apologize too much, but I am apologizing right now for not being here as often as I would like to be.
We're going to fix that.
Good morning, everyone.
from Northern California and elsewhere.
Good to see everyone.
This is GigaOM Biological, part of the Independent Bright Web.
You've got to get yourself and your family off of social media because social media is a national security theater.
and you can't change the script there.
And so interacting with those actors is not a way forward.
In fact, that is the way to be forever trapped.
And we don't want that for our kids.
And let's start with the basics.
Autism spectrum disorder is a myth used to make sure that intramuscular injection is never questioned as a methodology.
Virology is never questioned as a science and public health is never questioned as a reason.
Pandemics and gain of function are also myths used to make sure that these things are not questioned.
And the people that do not question them, but instead stand in opposition to them or promote them, are there with a script.
And that's why they never seem to make any progress.
That's why GigaOM Biological is making so much progress, because
The only people that we can compare ourselves to haven't made progress in 20 years.
Ladies and gentlemen, if you don't understand the trap, you're not gonna understand why the cheese is free.
Um, Housatonic's latest streams, that's plural, have been absolutely spectacular.
He also seems to understand that biology is the way out and the biology that they ignore is probably the biology that's most important.
That's where you find the irreducible complexity.
That's where you find the scientists and the mentors that have appreciated the irreducible complexity before we got to the stage where the Human Genome Project had ever been enacted or envisioned and its limitations realized.
Yes, all of this stuff is about the truth with a small t. We're just trying to get to know the biology a little better in a way that makes a lot more sense.
Thanks for being here.
Thanks for being a part of this.
Yes, definitely we need to get our children off of social media.
I guess I'm going to transition over here.
Good morning, everybody.
Welcome to the show.
I do think you have to explain to your children regularly why social media is so potentially dangerous.
And it has nothing to do with the algorithms.
In fact, I think we should stop using the word algorithm to describe anything because it is programming.
whether it is machine learning that has programmed it, or whether it's humans that have programmed it, or a combination of both, we are not talking about something abstract.
We're talking about something very understandable and very under their control.
And anytime people evoke an algorithm or an AI, one of the things that you should immediately be listening for is what kinds of responsibilities are being denied the human characters in the story because of the AI?
What kinds of inevitabilities are being attributed to the AI?
These are the illusions that we cannot allow our children to fall under.
We cannot allow these spells to be successfully cast on our children.
and the main one is social media.
It is remarkable to me at this point in the last few weeks where my message has really in my heart changed to being imperative to teaching my children how vulnerable the adult population is to social media.
I don't even know if our children in high school and middle school are even that vulnerable
to social media in the way that adults that have, you know, potentially grown up through their developmental, socially developmental time with a cell phone with social media on it.
And I can say very comfortably that all throughout my PhD,
My wife and I were still communicating with cell phones that were about this big and did not have social media on them and had to text with three letter, you know, you had to push a button sometimes three times to get the right letter to write the text.
And these phones lasted for a couple of days.
Yada yada.
Everybody knows this story, but this transition didn't happen that long ago.
And we're supposed to imagine that this, you know, progress and technology and whatever is something that we should be proud of and excited and it's made us forever, you know, more free.
But in reality, I think especially younger people, they are under the impression that this progress is not dangerous or that this progress is not something that, you know,
can be denied or it can possibly be bad.
And in retrospect, for me, it's becoming more and more obvious that what has happened is kind of an overwhelming over a couple decades, an overwhelming of the adult population with this massive availability of information.
And you don't, you, many people cannot remember, although I do know a significant number of my viewers are of my age or older,
A lot of cat ladies out there, apparently, according to Sasha Latapova.
I really think that this transition needs to be shared with the younger generation so that they can become more readily aware
of the fact that it wasn't that long ago where people were growing up without any of this stuff.
And as a result, their set of cognitive tools, their set of creative tools, their set of imaginative tools, and their set of social tools is incredibly different
and had developed to an indifferent state than what potentially could be happening to the worst examples in our society right now.
And the kind of mental stability that can only be generated by a collective group of people
is not being generated by the imaginary group of people that some of our children are experiencing as this group of people around them as they grow up.
And this is very, very dangerous and in a way that I don't think can be understated.
And quite frankly,
Although I do think it is very important for us to get going forward with the biology, it's never going to stop being my message.
It's never going to stop being my message that we have to get off of social media.
It has never become
As a parent as it is to me now that this is damaged all of the adults around me all of the parents that I meet all of the You know people that I meet at the gym the people that I meet on the street the conversation inevitably comes to this kind of
unwitting acceptance that social media represents something and that movements on social media represent something.
And so there are communities on social media like the brown community and the black community and the gay community.
And these communities on social media have come to represent ghosts in our mind that we have to respond to and take into account as we maneuver in our daily lives.
And this absurdity must not
must not be given to our children.
We cannot allow them to kind of, you know, take our place in the chair and put on the goggles and start to fight the empire.
We can't.
We can't allow them to think that texting, you know, and Twittering and whatever with these people, whoever they are, has any meaning.
or they will never create anything.
And we will never have children that are planting trees under whose shade they will not shelter.
We won't have the kind of long-term vision of what we want to build as a people if we don't start to see how manipulated we've been by social media.
Social media is absolutely the worst thing on earth.
And I say that bar none.
Otherwise, Donald Trump would be no one.
Kamala Harris would be no one.
Joe Biden could have never been president.
All of these things would not have been possible except we've all acquiesced to social media being some kind of window through which we can look and hope to see something that's valuably, you know, related to the truth.
This is just absurdity.
It would be the same as watching Dukes of Hazzard and hoping that the bad guys are going to get caught and then thinking that that has something to do with how safe you are when you go out on the street at night.
It's just not connected to reality.
Wow, that was a pretty good analogy.
So you have to show your children the truth.
You have to first accept it, learn it, see it yourself.
And once you start to be able to see it yourself, you'll be able to show your children, protect your children from it.
Maybe we can raise a group of children and generation of children in America that just reject social media and kind of have pity on us as old adults for having fallen for it.
But realize that that's okay.
It's something we can apologize for.
It was a military level, a military scale operation that was aimed at the adult population of the Western world.
Understand that.
It was fifth generation warfare for a very, very long time.
And I think that message should resonate with a lot of people.
I think it can bring families back together, because nobody's got to apologize if we were undermined to that extent.
Because remember, the left is not any
any better off because they still seem to be under the spell that Donald Trump is somehow running things, that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is single-handedly appointing people that are, you know, about to undermine everything that America stands for or something like that, and that, you know, hundreds of thousands of children could be dead in five years if we don't get rid of Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
right now.
That's a real thing.
Don't forget to download the PeerTube app.
I'm going to switch over here to the other side.
Just give me a second here.
Don't forget to switch over to the PeerTube app.
If you have any trouble with it, just send me or Vee an email and we'll try to respond.
Some people have too old a phone, but really that's
that's the very rare case and unfortunately that I don't have much for you but if you're already somebody that has like an iPhone I don't know what 6 SE or something like that I mean maybe even earlier it'll work
And the PeerTube app is special because it doesn't require you to log in.
So that'll be a little confusing, actually.
When you download the app and you start using it, you'll be very confused by the fact that it seems to set up this weird account named Sepia the Cuttlefish.
And it's you, but it's not you.
And when you try to log in, there's no login.
That's because there isn't any login.
There's no algorithm.
It's not really collecting any data.
Yes, your IP address will be shared because it's some of the way that the video is shared, but there's no collecting of this.
And so the only list you're on is the list of people that actually watches PeerTube, and watches my website, stream.gingholm.bio.
So I'm sure that if you've already watched it, you're already on that list anyway.
You came to my Twitch channel, you're already on that list anyway.
The great thing about this is that it's on your phone.
You just have to open the app and the latest video is there.
It could be a clip cut by Jeff from Earth.
It could be the video that Mark just did.
Or it could be the stream that I did.
And you can always load more videos.
You can find the recent ones.
You can find trending ones, which are usually the ones that are watched the most.
And so there are ways to use what's there in that app to find exactly what you want.
And more importantly, with no algorithms, you're not also gonna be offered Joe Rogan or offered, I don't know, a bunch of other crap.
There's not gonna be any advertisements and it runs really well.
On my phone and many many many others phones.
It's a remarkably small app I don't know.
I don't have any I just really like it.
I'm very proud that it works It is September 9th
2025 and it's been six years since this thing started.
And so I always want to put everything in perspective and make sure that we keep this calendar in mind because it's the calendar that will allow you to see the long con and the long con
Just to remind everybody, do I have this camera on?
I don't think I have this camera on.
The long con is the idea or the idea that there are people who are put in place with a scripted narrative and that scripted narrative is by definition, it doesn't progress.
And if it does progress, it progresses on a scripted timeline.
And that progression then allows all of the people that follow that narrative or its
antithesis to be kind of funneled into the same cognitive place over many, many years.
And what I'm arguing is, is that the COVID pandemic, SARS-CoV-2 thing was kind of the crescendo of a operation that whose foundation can be found, you know, almost 10 years earlier.
in the recruitment of the identification of key sort of people that might be a part of a anti-vaccine, anti-public health skeptical movement.
And the military operation represented by COVID-19 around the world understood very well because military operations are planned on different timescales.
They're not going to tell you that on TV on a regular basis, that the military plans 10 years in advance or 20 years in advance.
But of course they do, especially when it's a military of a country of 350 million people with a budget of $7 trillion or some nutshit stuff like that.
We're talking about a military that has like 11 aircraft carriers, for goodness sakes, and 700 military bases.
They are planning on longer timescales.
And so before the pandemic ever happened, any possible civilian, independent, cognitive opposition
to the story that was going to be rolled out, had to be controlled.
And make no mistake about it, I still believe it wholeheartedly.
This is about the Human Genome Project, and it is about allowing or making transfection and transformation of people a normal thing.
Because the only way we can hope
To learn anything about people is to make people the experimental animal.
And so you, if you are on the Donald Trump team and on the Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
team, you might think that the truth about the COVID-19 shot is getting out and that the truth about turbo cancers is getting out, but you would be mistaken.
What's actually happening is the trap around you is closing.
You think that Donald Trump isn't involved in the elite pedophile scam that runs most of the planet, that controls Bill Gates, you know, that controls all these people that have been to the island.
You're kind of vaguely aware that it's about the grandchildren of Earth, but you think that it's about saving the grandchildren of Earth, I don't know, from the AI that's about to become generally awake and decide that humans are useless.
You also might think the gain of function is real, and that this was definitely a lab leak, and that's why Fauci needs to be in jail.
But you'd be wrong.
Just like if you think this came from Mother Nature, and that it's not Fauci's fault, and that humans are actually a plague, there's too many of us anyway, you know, like maybe, I don't know, Jane Goodall thinks.
She also thinks this is about the grandchildren of Earth.
It'd just be a lot better if there were only a half a million grandchildren on Earth.
So humans are the culmination with everything wrong with the world, at least materialistic humans like are found in America.
And since Trump is an elite pedophile, who's now trying to actively deny and cover it up, COVID was real and vaccines work.
And so Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is a nutcase that's about to kill a lot of kids.
It's a pretty bad place that America and the West has been taken to all under the pretense
that we should accept transfection as having worked, as having saved millions of people from a natural phenomenon that's undeniably going to come in the future again.
And that, you know, for the most part, vulnerability to a virus or vulnerability to maybe a vaccine excipient or maybe vulnerability to a vaccine adjuvant or vulnerability to any other form of disease is always going to be ultimately genetic because evolution occurred because there's DNA.
That's the whole basis of the biology that is sort of the blinders in front of our eyes.
But the other blinders in front of our eyes are the actors on stage that cannot be denied.
And that's one of the things that I'm probably going to end up
Yeah, losing my voice over.
And so again, it's murder and lies, it's manslaughter and lies, because it is for all the marbles.
It's for the brains of our grandchildren, the minds of our grandchildren, the ideas in their heads.
They want to replace the idea of sovereignty, the responsibility of sovereignty.
the independence of sovereignty.
They want to replace that with some kind of, you know, you owe it to the rest of the people and to your, you know, the ancestors to come to be an experimental animal so that we can take control of the evolution of the species and not leave that to chance anymore.
That's what this ultimately this trap is all about is trying to convince us on both sides to kind of accept that responsibility that we need to come together as a species and accept the fact that maybe not everybody should be making kids.
Maybe we should edit the genome.
Maybe we should try to learn how to edit the genome.
That's why Israel and Gaza are so ridiculous.
That's why we have Elon Musk.
That's why we have Jeff Bezos and Peter Thiel.
All of these people, Alex Jones, right?
I mean, all of these people are ridiculous.
I mean, think about Mark Zuckerberg and what things he's not said on camera that are amazing.
I'm sure you've seen the video with Mark Zuckerberg talking about grilling meat.
I can't find any videos about Elon Musk featuring Elon Musk where he says anything profound.
I can't find any videos where Jeff Bezos says anything profound.
And the reason why is because these people are just scripted actors that are in front of us that also the other scripted actors are scripted to argue about.
You know, like those people on The View or the people on all the podcasts that have any more than 10,000 viewers.
that are artificially supported, artificially promoted, and programmed to be in front of more people than anyone from the grassroots perspective, like myself, or Mark Hulak, or even Joe Marshall, for example.
It's unfortunate, ladies and gentlemen, but GigaOM Biological is the only channel, the only broadcast on the internet that can succinctly say anything remotely impressive like this.
Intramuscular injection is a dumb idea from the late 1800s.
Mark Kulak has helped a lot with assembling a group of PDF
documents taken directly from books, historical books.
One of the most important books that he has recently made a copy of.
PDF of is this hypodermic injections by A. Rupiner.
He's actually a Swiss guy.
This hypodermic, can I switch over to here?
Let me see if I can do that quick.
Yes, this one here.
I think Mark has this one up on his website and he's got a few more.
And the thing that comes
that is most remarkable about this is that these books are admissions.
I would only have to turn a few pages into this book and read it out loud and you would see that it's admissions.
It is absolutely positively admissions that they never had any clue that intramuscular injection was any different than any other kind of injection.
that injection was just really neat because it didn't hurt people and it didn't leave any scars.
And so it meant that you could put anything you wanted into somebody with an exact concentration and exact volume.
And so these people started almost exclusively by administering opioids this way, morphine and some strychnine and some atropine.
But you can see what I'm saying, the injection of
water-based, saline-based chemicals like morphine or opium into places in the body and then transferring that seemingly effective medicine to the idea that, wow, we could also vaccinate people, we could expose people, we could cure people of all sorts of things if we just put the right stuff in there.
Why put medicine in your mouth if the medicine needs to get in there?
And there are actually books in multiple languages around the same time, between 1860 and 1880, where all of these doctors are coming under the agreement that the hypodermic needle will revolutionize medicine because it allows the precise placement of medicine, substances, whatever you want.
Irritants, for example, were used as a way of treating certain diseases like rheumatoid.
It was thought that you could irritate the side of the body opposite where the rheumatoid was and that that would send some kind of balance to the nervous system.
And these kinds of ideas are all detailed in these books.
And it is not to be underestimated how many combinations of substances were tried and attributed to curing all these different things that can even include things like, you know, exposure to cold wind.
and numbness in the face cured by 11 days of opioid injections.
Like there are real accounts of this.
And this is not centuries ago, ladies and gentlemen, this is a century ago, a century and a half ago.
It is not centuries ago.
We have not been vaccinating for centuries.
We have not been using a hypodermic needle for centuries, and we certainly have not understood the subtleties of the immune system or even the subtleties of the basics of how genetics might encode something to do with proteins.
We haven't understood that for very long.
So this insistence
that this is some kind of proven thing is part of a scripted public health narrative.
It may have been that in the 1950s and 1960s, these people thought that they were gonna solve this problem, that they would get a combination of substances that could be injected intramuscularly, and it would be able to augment the immune system or augment the health of a human.
They just knew it was gonna be genetic.
But of course, all the way back then, when you're just finding genes, or you're just finding DNA, you're just finding RNA, it's pretty hard to get to the stage where you can say, okay, that's what we're going to do.
But of course, that's what they thought.
Of course, that's what they thought.
We've read the books.
We know what Hilary Koprowski and Julian Huxley and Herman Muller and Joshua Lederberg were all thinking as the discovery of DNA and the apparent acknowledgement of what it might be was starting to get around in everybody's head.
The idea was that we might be 10 years away from some serious, serious issues because we might have the keys to the kingdom.
And of course, that was grossly overestimating the problem, grossly overestimating the irreducible complexity that even a bacteria and its phages represented.
And after 10 years of the best minds trying to take DNA in its most simple system, the bacteria and the bacteriophage, and trying to understand how that whole thing works to produce heredity and produce sort of the recurring pattern integrity that is a bacteria and its phages, they did not manage to score that goal.
And so we're still working under the same assumptions that they were working under back then, that at some point we're going to figure out the reason why there's DNA all over the place in all of our things and all of the world.
And it's going to be something to do with why we're all here or something to do with why we all might be part of one whole, but it's not going to tell you how evolution worked.
There's never going to be any story there that unlocks the chemical mystery of how the watch appeared from nowhere.
Because you can't land on any other planet in the galaxy and find a Swiss watch.
And if you did, the conclusion would not be that, holy cow, the evolution on this planet went in a really interesting direction.
And it is very hard for me as a biologist to express how profound it is for me to have had the privilege and the opportunity over the course of the pandemic to pull myself out.
Because I, at one point, would have argued very vigorously for the idea that evolution is an idea bigger than anything divine.
And the idea is so enticing because of that.
And the idea is only enticing if you accept the fact as evolution because DNA.
And that is something that the Human Genome Project really exposes as a lie.
And that, again, is something that in academia that is not going to be allowed to happen.
That's the reason why transfection, the word, can't be used right now because all the Academicians that still have a job know this word.
Many of them had to explain this word during their oral examination 10 years ago when they got their PhD.
Many of them cut their teeth as PhD students using lipofectomy.
And so they understand that in principle, this methodology is so old, this idea is so old.
And the only thing that's happened over the last 20 years, it's become cheaper, because the technology that originates in the Human Genome Project has made it cheaper to make pure quantities of DNA, and pure quantities of DNA that could never and don't exist in nature.
And so that's why I think it's important to say that RNA cannot pandemic, because that will challenge a lot of academicians to rethink what a pandemic really is and what phenomenon is at the heart of it.
And the phenomenon at the heart of the pandemic, whether you think it's a natural virus or a lab leak, is the idea that a small, maybe even tiny, single quantity of an RNA molecule, because it has an HIV insert and a couple of fear and cleavage sites,
could find itself going around the world continuously for decades, infecting everything from zoo animals to white-tailed deer to every human on the planet, and that is simply absurd.
There's no biology to support that idea.
And certainly the idea that evolution occurred because DNA is very, very contradictory to this idea because RNA has none of the chemical characteristics that DNA is purported to have.
None of the stability, none of the reproducibility, none of the redundancy.
And so it's impossible for this to have happened.
Autism is a meaningless word by design.
And I think neuroscientists and neurobiologists around the world, if they were honest with themselves and searched inside of their heart, and they've probably known this for 10 years because they write grants based on the idea that, you know, autism spectrum disorder is this wide range of things and we can make animal models that represent it.
not that dissimilar to the animal models for Alzheimer's disease that only recapitulate a cellular phenomenon or only recapitulate a behavioral phenomenon, but don't really purport to or accomplish the kinds of sort of experimental things that can be done.
They are blowing it with autism.
Autism Spectrum Disorder, by definition, in any video that you find, is the broadest definition of developmental neurodisorder you can possibly imagine.
Almost anything, in theory, could fall under the spectrum of autism.
And that's by design.
That's by design because it is part and parcel for this trap
that lured us into believing that transfection was a new technology that hadn't really been tested before or never used widely.
And that's just ridiculous.
Finally, I just want to point this out one more time because I do think it's really important.
The idea of a trans man and a trans woman is very simply a semantic game that they played with us.
And I don't really know when it happened.
I don't know if you can go on the internet and figure it out, but it's very simple to explain.
If you are a man or a woman and you believe you should be the opposite, or you believe that you are genuinely a man trapped in a woman's body, then that's generally speaking not normal and that's totally okay.
Just like somebody with Down syndrome is not normal.
Just like somebody that would be born with only one eye is not normal.
Somebody who's born and is convinced, I mean convinced, and this is the definition, this is very difficult, that they are a man and they are not, or they are and they aren't.
It comes down to one thing, ladies and gentlemen.
Do you want the parts of your body that you have or you do not?
Because the moment that you start saying that you do not want the parts of the body that you have, you're not a normal person.
And that's fine to treat that person with dignity and respect, but that's not normal.
And we shouldn't be organizing anything in society around people that have a noticeable, and we should not be thinking about this in the way that they want you to think, which is that in order to treat those people with the respect that they deserve, they have to be able to become the thing they believe they are.
And we have to call them the thing that they believe they are.
And once you start to say it in those general terms, you see that it's ridiculous.
And so in this sense, because there's medical terms and medical terminology, if you want to argue with a doctor that doesn't seem to understand it, just say it like this.
If you are a man and you need to change to a woman, then you are a transitioning man.
Any doctor should agree that there's no way you can ever fully transition to a woman because there are certain limitations to modern medicine that make that pretty impossible.
And so as a result, you'll be transitioning for the rest of your life.
It's kind of like a journey that starts on the surgery table and ends in your coffin.
And so if we just call them what they are, which is trans men, and then trans men don't have to go into the ladies room, the trans men don't have to, I mean, it's all very simple.
But because this game is being played, we are calling transfections vaccines.
Because this kind of semantic game is being played, we are not differentiating in our vaccines, whether they are subcutaneous, or whether they are cutaneous, or whether they are oral, or whether they are intramuscular, they're all the same.
Because in the same way that we can make an inverted, you know, have an inverted game with trans woman and trans man, we can also have a obfuscation game or a dilution game with the idea of autism spectrum disorder being some kind of real term that means something.
Vaccine being a real term that means something.
Whereas nobody in this movement has ever been able to progress to differentiate between intramuscular injection and subcutaneous injection or anything like that.
No one's ever been able to explore the idea that which vaccines are given which way and does that correlate?
None of these issues have ever become a part of our discussion because these people are following a script and America is trapped by this script.
Wow, I really didn't want that introduction to be so long.
My goodness.
Sorry about that.
Here we go.
This is Democracy Now!, democracynow.org, The War and Peace Report.
I'm Amy Goodman.
In Washington, Democratic and Republican senators, two of them doctors, grilled Health and Human Services Secretary Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
about his attacks on vaccines and ongoing turmoil at the CDC, the Centers for Disease Control.
The hearing came a week after RFK fired the head of the CDC, Susan Menendez.
I will agree that the trans thing is very ancient.
That is true.
However,
It's modern manifestation in society.
The vast majority of the young people are experiencing something that is not that.
It is not this mystical, biological thing that occurs every once in a while and has a basis in biology.
It is a purely social media inflicted
probably nutrition-inflicted, probably environmental toxin-inflicted, but most likely it is social media-inflicted confusion.
Social media-inflicted confusion that could also have to do with the availability of porn.
It could have to do with the changing landscape of media that's available to these young kids that was never available to us.
When I was growing up, the crazy thing was to go up into somebody's tree house and find out that they had a playboy up there.
I mean, this kind of idea that kids are growing up in a completely normal and safe childhood with social media in their pocket is absurd.
And so it is definitely, definitely, it's an old thing, but it is being,
It is, and as like many other things being distorted and being used against us essentially as a mythology instead of as a truth.
Um, this is very interesting to watch and, and we'll, we'll put it in context as we see how it rolls.
Of course, this was last week.
Um, and I need you to see it if you can.
Um, this is democracy.
Now it's equivalent to like the YouTube PBS news.
Um, you might not think that very many people watch it, but listen to this very carefully by my best estimation, the Maha movement, best estimation,
It's less than 20% of the American population.
At best, you get 25.
Now, why did I use reverb there?
Because if you don't understand that this is not a 50-50 divide,
that seven or eight out of 10 Americans that you meet on the street is going to think you're ridiculous for ever having supported RFK Jr, especially after these performances.
I think you're underestimating the trouble that America is in.
And I think you're underestimating where we are as a society because of social media and our use of it.
We've got to pull our family and friends out of this mess.
I don't want to leave anybody behind if I don't have to.
Just over a month after she was confirmed to the position.
On Thursday, two former top officials at the National Institutes of Health filed whistleblower complaints saying they were forced out of their leadership positions after they criticized the Trump administration for canceling grants and spreading vaccine skepticism.
In June, Kennedy fired all 17 expert members of a CDC vaccine advisory panel.
Health officials inside and outside the government are increasingly warning about Kennedy's actions.
Three senior CDC officials resigned in protest last week.
This week, more than 1,000 current and
And former HHS workers sent a letter to Congress demanding Kennedy's resignation over his pseudoscientific claims and his attacks on public health.
Nine former CDC directors recently wrote in The New York Times, Kennedy's endangering the health of every American.
At Thursday's hearing, both Republicans and Democrats grilled Kennedy, with some calling for his resignation.
This is Republican Senator Dr. John Barrasso, majority whip in the Senate, a close ally of President Trump.
He's an orthopedic surgeon.
So, over the last 50 years, vaccines are estimated to have saved 154 million lives worldwide.
I support vaccines.
I'm a doctor.
Vaccines work.
Secretary Kennedy, in your confirmation hearings, you promised to uphold the highest standards for vaccines.
Since then, I've grown deeply concerned.
The public has seen measles outbreaks, leadership in the National Institute of Health questioning the use of mRNA vaccines, the recently confirmed director of Centers for Disease Control and Prevention fired.
Americans don't know who to rely on.
That was Republican Senator Dr. John Barrasso of Wyoming.
He's number two in the Senate, speaking to HHS Secretary Robert F. Kennedy.
And this is Democratic Senator Mark Warner of Virginia.
Do you accept the fact that a million Americans died from COVID?
I don't know how many died.
You're the Secretary of Health and Human Services.
You don't have any idea how many Americans died from COVID?
I don't think anybody knows that because the, there was so much data chaos coming out of the CDC and there was so many perverse incentives.
And these are models that you should know.
You don't know the answer of how many Americans died from COVID.
This is the Secretary of Health and Human Services.
Do you think the vaccine?
So this is important to see.
because he has had eight months in the office to hire somebody like me or anybody else and he knows to try and come up with an answer to this question because obviously it's a pretty important answer.
And it would have been great for him to throw back, well,
At least a half a million Americans died of opioid overdose in the last five years.
And so I'm not sure that a lot of those haven't been attributed, unfortunately, to COVID.
And to go further into the ideas of why a million people weren't killed by COVID.
But instead, he's so imprecise
so lack of substance it almost it's almost like it's shocking until you realize that this is the same kind of scripted bullshit that ran paul and tony fauci pulled from 2020 all the way to 2022 yelling at each other getting all out of hand
This is a script.
That's why so many people have seen it.
That's why the PBS news hour and democracy now, and all these people are all going to cover it where all the podcasts are covering it because it is the narrative.
It is the theater and they're using social media to make sure that everybody sees it as reality.
It's not reality.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
was a trap, just like Alex Jones is a trap.
Just like Donald Trump was just a trap.
You can't possibly believe that Donald Trump is driving the car right now.
And you can't believe that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is driving the back of the pivoting, you know, great big long fire truck.
And they're coming to the rescue to save the democracy of America.
You can't believe that.
not after what's happened in Israel, what these people have said about it, what little is available on social media about Russia and Ukraine, and what little is available about the history of Ukraine and our presence there, what's little available about all of these stories in Libya, what's little available about the history of America suggests that we have been watching a show for a very long time.
And once you start to accept that idea and see this as a theater, the stress that it is designed to create doesn't exist anymore in your life.
And the desire to choose a team that the less, you know, wrong side or the side that has more people that you like on it, even though both sides have clowns.
So either way, you're picking a circus.
instead of a group of serious people.
And if you've allowed podcasters to help you decide, then you're really, really lost, because that is the heart of the weaponization, the militarization of social media.
That's why our Health and Human Services Secretary and our NIH Director have been on more podcasts than any previous directors ever.
did anything to prevent additional deaths?
Again, I would like to see the data and talk about the data.
You've had this job for eight months and you don't know the data about whether the vaccine saved lives?
The problem is that they didn't have the data.
What has he been doing for eight months?
Who did he hire and what are they doing?
How is it possible that they are able to get dunked on like this?
If this guy's been praying for more than 20 years for God to put him in a position to end the chronic health crisis in America, and it culminated with the pandemic and with Donald Trump picking him to be HHS secretary.
And then he didn't even bother to even hire like a college intern to on this project.
He didn't bother to put, I don't know, Jessica Rose on it.
Are you kidding me?
Biden administration, absolutely dismal.
Who is politicizing?
You're saying the Biden administration politicized all the data?
Go back to West Lerner Cantwell just then.
Go to the Trump Surgeon General.
They fired Dr. Grubb.
They fired all the people who questioned the orthodoxy.
They fired Dr. Gruber, Dr. Kautz.
Mr. Chairman, the Secretary of Health and Human Services doesn't know how many Americans died from COVID.
I don't know if the vaccine helped prevent any deaths.
And you are sitting as Secretary of Health and Human Services?
How can you be that ignorant?
That was Democratic Senator Mark Warner of Virginia questioning Health and Human Services Secretary Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
And this is Republican Senator Dr. Bill Cassidy of Louisiana.
I said yesterday, I believe it, that President Trump deserves a Nobel Prize for Operation Warp Speed.
If he had been President Obama, he would have gotten it.
But because of Operation Warp Speed, forcing the federal government to come to a vaccine development within 10 months when others said it couldn't be done, we saved millions of lives globally, trillions of dollars.
We reopened economies, an incredible accomplishment.
Mr. Secretary, do you agree with me that the president deserves a Nobel Prize for Operation Warp Speed?
Absolutely, Senator.
It's phenomenal.
Let me ask you.
But you just told Senator Bennett that the COVID vaccine killed more people than COVID.
Wait, I did not say that.
Okay, let me ask because you also the senator.
I just want to make clear.
I cannot say we'll check the record.
That's a question of fact.
You also said that you were also as lead attorney for the Children's Health Defense.
You engaged in multiple lawsuits attempting to restrict access to the COVID vaccine.
Again, it surprises me that you think so highly of Operation Warp Speed when as an attorney, you attempted to restrict access.
Let me ask.
I'm happy to explain why.
I have three minutes and 30 seconds left.
It also surprises me because you've canceled, or HHA's did, but apparently under your direction, $500 million in contracts using the mRNA vaccine platform that was critical to Operation Warp Speed.
Again, an accomplishment that I think President Trump should get a Nobel Prize for.
You canceled $500 million in contracts.
That's Republican Senator Dr. Bill Cassidy of Louisiana.
Was it also Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
breathing into the microphone?
Like, holy cow, that was awful.
This is either a U.S.
government being driven into the ground like a cruise ship into a harbor at full speed, or it's a theater.
Do you actually believe that all of the rich, powerful people that run the banks and the investment firms and companies that are worth much more than Apple or Google, you know, like companies like, I don't know, ExxonMobil and that.
Do you think those people are allowing the United States government to just kind of be driven by a guy like Donald Trump?
They're allowing HHS to be run by a guy like Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
And you know, if Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
would have just hired me, then I would be on TV.
Do you really believe that?
Do you really think that they chose Jay Bhattacharya because from the long list of very intelligent, competent American scientists and academicians and people at all of these, you know, deans of this and deans of that, that he couldn't find anybody but Jay Bhattacharya?
Are you trying to tell me that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is the best we've got?
And you think that Donald Trump is the best, that he won by a narrow margin.
And that same narrow margin is where this debate is occurring right now.
And it's not a narrow margin.
Most of America thinks that this is wrong.
It's bad.
Most of America likes and accepts vaccines and vaccination, just like Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Merrill Nass and Mary Holland have said from the very beginning.
They don't, they're not anti-vaccine, they want safe vaccines.
And of course, the script is that the safest vaccine ever is the one that we rolled out and saved millions of people from the novel virus with, the COVID vaccine.
And so you might think that the truth about turbo cancer is getting out, or the truth about SB40 is getting out, or the truth about the spike protein is getting out, but it's not.
It's not.
And it's never going to get out because it's not in the script.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is not gonna say that in four months.
No, no, no, ladies and gentlemen.
The cage is closing right now.
If you do not disavow these people and your support for them by calling them the frauds that they are and pivot now, I don't know where this is going to lead.
Questioning Health and Human Services Secretary Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
during a highly contentious hearing Thursday.
This is more of Senator Cassidy.
I also told Senator Wyden at the outset that you didn't want to take vaccines away from people.
And as I conclude, I would like to say this, because of the conflicting recommendations made about COVID.
This is from Eric Erickson, good conservative out of Atlanta, Georgia, occasionally gives me help.
My wife has stage four lung cancer.
She is one of the people that COVID vaccine actually helps.
Thanks to the current mess at HHS, CVS is unable to get her vaccine.
Secondly, an email from a physician friend of mine.
Hey Bill, I'm not even sure what I'm asking you.
But we're all confused and concerned about who can get the COVID vaccine.
We are having our attorney try and render an opinion.
But there's no firm guidance and concern about liability if vaccines are given to a patient requested but not on the current CDC list.
Pharmacists are requiring a prescription now even for patients over 65, creating a huge headache.
I submit these for the record.
Without objection.
I would say effectively we're denying people vaccine.
Senator Cantwell.
I hate it wrong.
Again, Dr. Cassidy, Louisiana senator, at Thursday's hearing.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'
's record as HHS is what we're looking at.
We're joined by Dr. Paul Offit, director of the Vaccine Education Center and a physician at Children's Hospital of Philadelphia.
He was just blocked
from participating on the FDA Advisory Committee on Vaccines.
Dr. Offit is co-inventor of the rotavirus vaccine recommended for universal use in infants by the CDC.
Dr. Offit, welcome back to Democracy Now!
Both of them Republican.
One of them, Dr. Barrasso, is number two Republican leader in the Senate, severely questioning Kennedy, R.F.K., Jr., along, of course, with the Democrats.
Can you address overall what happened yesterday, what you think was most important that came out of it?
And we want to really focus on what his position means for access to vaccines in this country.
Well, so Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
has a 20-year history of being an anti-vaccine propagandist, science denialist, and conspiracy theorist.
Since 2016, he was paid hundreds of thousands of dollars a year by Children's Health Defense, an anti-vaccine group, to represent them.
Now, I want you to imagine for a second what this requires you to accept if you are on the left.
It requires you to accept that despite everyone's best efforts and all the knowledge and science out there, for nearly 20 years, according to Paul Offit, Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
has been able to enrich himself by pushing lies.
And in fact, since 2016, he's been getting hundreds of thousands of dollars to push lies.
And despite Paul Offit's best efforts,
despite Peter Hotez's best efforts, Tony Fauci's best, all this funding and all this teaching and all this stuff, Robert F. Kennedy still is able to get away with it.
Isn't that unbelievable?
It's almost as if this guy is a very ineffective sort of, you know, advocate.
He's almost like a very, all the people, how is it possible?
How is it possible?
He gets into Rolling Stone.
He can influence the uptake of measles vaccine around the earth despite their best efforts.
It's just ridiculous.
It's an absolutely preposterous story.
And the old man in the picture here who has the angry face is just angry because he never thought he was gonna have to play this character for so damn long.
to represent their anti-vaccine point of view.
He's not paid by them anymore.
He's paid by us to be the number one public health officer in this country to represent the public's health, but he doesn't.
He continues to be the anti-vaccine activist and propagandist that he always was.
I mean, he has said that he thinks no vaccine is beneficial.
He has said he thinks the COVID vaccines were the deadliest vaccines ever made.
He said that if he could go back in time, he would pay anything not to vaccinate his own children.
And I think probably the best example of this, and the reason he should have been fired on the spot, was when during... For example, autism's false prophets.
So again, the argument is framed under these false pretenses that autism is something that you can diagnose very specifically.
And so therefore, finding a cause or causes of it is something that can very specifically be done.
But of course, that's exactly the opposite of the reality of autism spectrum disorder, both on the side of the neurobiology and the neuroscience side that I was a part of and how ridiculously imprecise they are, and also on the anti-back side, how they are very ridiculously imprecise and more importantly, have not made any progress.
if you were really going to legitimately take an anti-vax position your understanding of it and your ability to explain the nuances of your objection would have evolved over two decades but instead it hasn't evolved at all and the same people are making the same arguments for decades and that can't be
a real human interaction.
That is a scripted military bullshit operation.
And he's a part of it, whether he knows it or not.
The crazy part is, is that this guy trained with Hilary Koprowski and Stanley Plotkin, so the odds are pretty good that he knows.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr., no way he knows.
No way.
This measles epidemic, when we've had an epidemic that has involved probably about 5000 people in this country, the biggest epidemic we've had in 33 years, we've had two children die to healthy little girls in West Texas, six and eight year old die.
That's the first measles death since 2003.
During this epidemic.
Now, if I'm right, and this was a setup, it should be very easy to demonstrate that it was a setup.
Well, let's do it for two children.
Let's do it.
Stay focused on the biology.
Don't take the bait on TV.
This is Democracy Now!, democracynow.org, The War and Peace Report.
I'm Amy Goodman.
And I'm Nermeen Shaikh.
Welcome to our listeners and viewers around the country and around the world.
Here we are in 2015.
Yes, ladies and gentlemen, that's 10 years ago.
The video that you see playing in black and white is the video we just watched.
And behind me, you see all cause mortality in America.
Yes, this line is not level.
And you see the pneumonia being lost of control in 2020.
You see the murder and lies depicted graphically here.
And if we go back to 2015 to the same lady, same ladies, wouldn't it be really weird if the same argument was happening 10 years ago and the argument still hadn't been resolved by either side, despite either side being sure they're right?
Take it away.
The federal government has confirmed over 100 people across 14 states have now developed measles.
Public health officials suspect the outbreak, which is concentrated in California, began when an infected person visited Disneyland in Anaheim in December.
On Wednesday, Dr. Jeffrey Gunzenhauser, Los Angeles County's interim health officer, updated reporters on the outbreak.
The outbreak of measles that we're currently experiencing is the largest that we've had in this county and in this state in 15 years.
Public health is doing all we can to identify cases and to isolate contacts so as to prevent spread.
However, to end this outbreak, we need to do more and we need help.
I encourage everyone to review their vaccination status and if needed, to get the vaccine now.
Fifteen years ago, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention proclaimed victory over measles.
But in recent years, there's been an increase in outbreaks, as a growing number of parents have opted not to have their children vaccinated, claiming a link between vaccines and autism.
The prestigious medical journal Lancet published a study in 1998 showing such a link, but the study was later retracted and has been widely discredited.
According to the CDC, one in 12 children born in the United States is not being vaccinated as recommended.
On Wednesday, two California lawmakers announced a bill to eliminate, quote, personal belief exemptions that allow parents to refuse to vaccinate their children.
The state has allowed such exemptions since 1961, when it first required all public school teachers and students to be inoculated against polio.
But since 2000, the rate of parents seeking exemptions has tripled to about one in every 40 children.
Meanwhile, Senators Dianne Feinstein and Barbara Boxer asked state health officials to go further and eliminate, quote, religious exemptions.
Several potential Republican presidential candidates have also weighed in on the debate.
On Monday, Kentucky Senator Rand Paul, an ophthalmologist, said he'd heard of instances where vaccines caused mental disorders.
The hepatitis B vaccine is now given to newborns.
We sometimes give five and six vaccines all at one time.
Is it impossible to believe that the hepatitis vaccine being given at birth and we sometimes give up to five vaccines at once?
Is it possible that in 2015, this guy is saying exactly what they're saying right now?
Is it possible?
that that's just accident?
Or can you possibly consider and see that this is one continuous script?
And in fact, if you do the requisite research, you will see that this script goes back farther than 2015.
It's just that these people and this narrative first tested and adopted in the UK,
was actually imported, including some of those people, to the United States and a collective group of fakers was recruited and headed by, at least as a figurehead, Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
But behind him were people like Brian Hooker and Mary Holland,
and Judy Mikobitz and James Lyons Weiler and Mary Holland and Robert Malone.
And all of those people have been behind Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
for these 10 years.
And so it's not by accident that he's saying this on television 10 years ago.
It's not by accident that Paul Offit is gonna be on this show.
And it's not by accident that Mary Holland is gonna be on this show because they're all still on the same show right now.
playing the same characters, with the same stupid script, with the same stupid motivations, that haven't progressed in understanding, sharpened in their ability to communicate it, and neither has their goal been refined or even remotely defined.
It's remarkable.
I chose to have mine delayed.
I don't want the government telling me that I have to give my newborn hepatitis B vaccine, which is transmitted by sexually transmitted disease and or blood transfusions.
Do I think it's ultimately a good idea?
Yeah.
And so I had mine staggered over several months.
I've heard of many tragic- That sounds a lot like the Paul Thomas argument, right?
The Paul Thomas that in 2017 was already talking about Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
maybe being a presidential candidate.
You know, the presidential candidate that they're talking about in the 2008 Skyhorse publishing book?
Come on, ladies and gentlemen, you can see it.
We've been set up.
And it's okay to admit that you fell for it if we were set up over a decade.
Falling for Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
means that you fell for something that was executed over a decade.
You don't need to be ashamed of it.
cases of walking, talking, normal children who wound up with profound mental disorders after vaccines.
I'm not arguing vaccines are a bad idea.
I think they're a good thing.
But I think the parents should have some input.
The state doesn't own your children.
Parents own the children.
And it is an issue of freedom.
if fifth
Paul has deep ties to vaccine skeptics.
For 20 years, he was a member of the Association of American Physicians and Surgeons, which has backed a moratorium on vaccine mandates.
Meanwhile, another possible Republican presidential candidate, New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, was questioned about vaccines during his trip to England.
Do you think Americans should vaccinate their kids?
Is the measles vaccine safe?
All I can say is that we vaccinate ours.
And so, you know, that's the best expression I can give you my opinion.
You know, it's much more important, I think, what you think as a parent than what you think as a public official.
What I said was that there has to be a balance.
And so if you're gonna believe that this is all spontaneous, you also have to accept that this happened on the same day in the same program.
A regressive autism, very different than profound autism, which is what they call it now, but I think it's actually the same thing.
Holland is a research scholar at NYU School of Law and advisor to Health Choice.
She's a research scholar?
Wow, that's starting to sound like an adjunct professor or some bullshit like that.
Wow, oh my gosh, don't forget she also spent a lot of time in Russia.
Oh, Mary Holland, Mary Holland, Mary Holland.
also contributed to the blog, Age of Autism, and the co-editor of the book, Vaccine Epidemic, How Corporate Greed, Bias Science, and Coercive Government Threaten Our Human Rights, Our Health, and Our Children.
Mary Holland, welcome to Democracy Now.
Could you talk about- So we're supposed to believe that she's believed that this is dangerous for so long that she had a book already in 2015, but somehow or another, she's been so ineffectual at making any progress
that essentially they're in the same place making the same dumb arguments about freedom or anti-mandates 10 years later.
Think about that, how much of a failure that is unless she's doing her job extremely well.
your position on vaccinations?
Yes, absolutely.
So, all vaccines, like prescription drugs, are considered unavoidably unsafe.
They carry known risks and unknown risks.
There's no questionand I don't believe Professor Rice or Dr. Offit would disagreethat death is caused by some vaccines to some children.
And severe injury, brain damage in particular, that's indisputable.
And for that reason, industry and the medical profession were given by Congress virtually blanket liability protection.
So we have now an industry with high profits and exceedingly low litigation risks.
I think that should set off some alarm bells for us, as it is.
I also think that the global standard for ethical medicine today is prior, free, and informed consent.
And what Dr. Offit and Professor Reese are suggesting is that there should be no free consent for vaccination.
I think that's a very serious
departure from medical ethics, and we have to look at it for what it is.
This is not just about tort liability.
It's about informed consent.
What about the issue of when a child goes to school who might be infected because they have not had a vaccine, that they then will infect other kids?
I think infectious disease is real, Amy.
Infectious disease is a serious problem.
I think what you do when a kid is sick is the kid stays home from school.
You make sure that you have medical leave for parents.
You make sure that there's healthcare.
So think about how quickly it went from being about the biology, which was either her kid was injured or vaccines are unavoidably unsafe, but then never defining why.
She says that every year vaccines kill kids, but why?
How?
What is the mechanism?
Because that would be progress, right?
In 10 years, they should have gotten better at saying exactly why and how.
But again, we've got video of people like, I don't know, Del Bigtree talking about how every year a certain number of kids are getting killed by vaccines every year.
And it's just an acceptable risk that we don't even quantify.
And so I just want to know what that acceptable risk is.
And it's so crazy to ask.
And so think about how incompetent it would be if your goal was to save kids from injected poisons, but you were so incompetent that somebody like Brandy Vaughn could make you look like such an idiot that you'd have to kill him.
That Tony Bark would make you look so foolish that you'd have to kill her.
Because that's what we have here.
We have a scenario where these people that were put in place were put in place specifically to rise above and stand in front of people who could make progress and could accurately articulate the ridiculousness of trying to augment the healthy immune system of a child with intramuscular injection.
And anybody that got close enough to enunciating that simple question was killed before 2020.
And all of the people that are in front of us now descend from groups and organizations that are infiltrated by, moderated by, seen over by people like Mary Holland, Robert F. Kennedy Jr., you know, Del Bigtree.
These people are all part of a show.
that is also probably responsible for the murder of Brandy Vaughn, the murder of Tony Bark, and for the coordinated sort of Truman Show victim that is Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
I don't think Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is smart enough or clever enough to know how he's being used because he has been following the advice of the same people for more than a decade, all the way back to this time.
And these people are now trusted.
It's impossible for him to accept that there are 10 people around him who have loyalties to people other than him.
But it's definitely true.
Otherwise, they'd just use somebody else.
But this guy's very convenient and very useful because he's not smart enough to see through it.
I don't know what to say, ladies and gentlemen.
If they are smart enough to see through it, they're also smart enough to know that it's probably a better idea for them to stay on their script because otherwise we'll put somebody else there and it won't be good for them.
And once you sign up for this mess, you're in for the long haul.
That's what you see here.
This is not somebody who's struggled with her life over the last 10 years.
This is a person who makes more than a quarter million dollars a year, just like Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
for children.
And I believe in quarantine.
I have no problem with the government, in certain circumstances that warrant it, saying people must stay home, or they even must go to other places.
But I absolutely have a problem with the idea that the state can force, through criminal and civil sanctions or failure to educate children, that they have to take compulsory medical interventions.
Talk about your own personal story, Mary.
Just very briefly, my interest in this as a lawyer and as an advocate stems from my personal experience.
I watched a child reverse in their development.
That's one of the most horrible things any adult or parent can see.
You don't want to see, and it is not normal to see a child lose all speech, lose all sleep, lose all bowel function, lose all eating function.
And that's what I lived through.
With your child?
With my own son.
fortunate that my son has substantially recovered over the years, but through painful efforts, great expense, and his injury is not categorized anywhere.
Doctors don't generally perceive things as vaccine injury, but there is no other plausible explanation for what happened to my child.
So there was a temporal association.
He had received his standard vaccines, most of which contained thimerosal.
So that's mercury, ethylmercury.
There's no question that that can compromise the immune system.
And so can you see how the script plays out then in 2025?
There are no vaccines with thimerosal.
There was only one flu vaccine and that's off the market too.
And so the script is flawless because these people don't make progress, because their message doesn't make progress, because the script doesn't make progress.
It's designed to collect people.
It's designed to trap people in this false dichotomy of Mary Holland and Paul Offit, of Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Tony Fauci, of Kamala Harris and Donald Trump.
or Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton.
It's two ridiculous clowns with two ridiculous positions that are rooted in mythology.
And the only, most ridiculous thing is that these people are really people that are making decisions and influencing the people around them.
They are puppets.
They are actors, part of a national security apparatus show.
And then he received the MMR vaccine, which is three live viruses simultaneously.
And he, within a very short period, regressed precipitously.
Precipitous regression.
At the age of?
Two and a half.
He got his vaccine slightly before that juncture.
It's the only plausible explanation for what happened to him.
He had EEGs that were abnormal.
He had epileptiform brain waves.
This was all in very close temporal association.
So then when I studied what do
what does brain injury look like?
And I've studied the federally funded vaccine injury compensation program.
Lo and behold, encephalopathy, brain swelling, brain damage is a common side effect among side effects from vaccines, as is autism.
That is covered up.
The federal government doesn't track it.
So see where that pivoted?
So actually she just admitted that she could have pursued compensation under the Vaccine Injury Safety Act, whatever it is called.
She could have pursued it because encephalitis or brain swelling and inflammation is included in there.
But then she went to autism.
Did she say that her son had autism?
She called it regressive autism.
What did she call it?
Do you see what I mean?
Do you see how this, this is a, a script that they must to a certain extent, improvise through her son is pretty okay.
Now he's made a larger cover, you know, like Pauly Tommy's son was cured by secretin so much so that she was on, she was in a newspaper saying that her son was cured by injections of secretin, that he was a new boy.
And yet Polly Tommy owns land in America and land in the UK and has an autism home in the UK and has lots of, you know, it's pretty good, pretty good life.
They would say that there's no association.
If you look at compensated cases of brain injury in the Vaccine Injury Compensation Program, you will see autism left, right and center.
So I think what happened to my son is what I've heard happened to thousands of parents.
I work in this area.
It's not an atypical story.
One story is an anecdote.
What then should happen is there should be rigorous science.
That science hasn't been done.
Why do you think that science hasn't been done?
I think that's a great question.
I think that's a question I'd love to hear you put to Dr. Offit.
He would say that that science has been done.
One of the key scientists in the autism vaccine science is Paul Thorson.
He's an indicted felon.
He's in Denmark.
The Department of Justice has done nothing to bring that man back.
Another key question about the corruption is Dr. William Thompson in the CDC has come forward.
Dr. William Thompson is the whistleblower for whom Brian Hooker supposedly drove across the United States in order to take his testimony.
William Thompson is the guy who says that the vaccine schedule particularly hurts black boys.
And it still could be something that they use as a, see, we told you so, or here's the truth or something like that to come.
And so these cards have already been laid out.
We've already seen them that they are in the deck.
And they more importantly, they've been shuffled in repeatedly over the next 10 years from 2015 to where we are now.
And it cannot be by accident that neither side has won the argument.
It can't be, it's not possible.
In fact, the evidence for the fact that they are both scripted
actors, and that this is a script that these people are wittingly or unwittingly following as part of a national security operation, is the fact that the COVID vaccine is actually a transfection whose technology descends directly from the Human Genome Project, whose technology was made possible by it, and the only reason to ramp up
the vaccine schedule in America, the way they have over the last 20 years, is part of this ridiculousness.
That's the same reason why she is unable to say in 2015 or in 2025 that the vaccine schedule in America is unique in its quantity and frequency.
Unique in a very disturbing way, especially in the first year of life.
And she's not able to say that at all.
Even though Rand Paul is able to say it in the video I showed you earlier from the same day, where he says that he delayed some of his vaccines, which is inevitably a biological truth that we know that if you're, if you're injecting things at day one through days, you know, 400, it's very different than injecting things at year 20.
That's not a disputable biological fact.
The only question is, is how is it possible that she's not, wasn't already there in 2015 and able to say it with enough precision to make her not look like a person who doesn't really know?
She just wants somebody to find out.
and said that he colluded with other key scientists to mask a signal that vaccines and autism are linked in African-American boys who got the MMR before age three, before age five.
He's now been granted, according to one report, immunity and can testify in Congress.
I hope to God we have that hearing.
This is critical.
One in 68 kids has autism.
There's plausible science that there's a link.
It needs to be followed up, not suppressed.
Okay, so one in 68 in 2015, and now it's supposedly one in 30.
And so again, you know, it's, this is the problem.
It's a script and it's a script with built-in traps, built-in numerical and statistical traps, built-in diagnostics and precision language traps.
And also, um,
arguments that don't make any sense.
Like, you know, the way to save kids from being poisoned.
Although now I guess, I don't know how much her son was really poisoned.
Cause he's largely recovered.
I don't get, I don't know, is to argue that everybody should have a choice or something like that.
Instead of saying that, you know, baseball bat to the head in the first two months of the life is not that great.
scientific study to you that makes a link.
Uh, one is Ray Palmer's work showing environmental mercury.
The closer somebody lives to the environmental source, the higher the rates of autism.
Another is related.
Oh, but environmental mercury is not intramuscular injection of thimerosal, but she just said a minute ago, it's thimerosal.
So wait, it can also be mercury from the environment.
So you're not really sure if it's thimerosal or not funny because that's exactly what Paul Offit's going to say that the mercury and thimerosal is very different than the mercury found in fish.
Bye!
It's just a joke.
If you can't see that we were fooled by a more than one decade long bullshit show that includes Paul Offit, that includes Peter Hotez, that includes Peter Daszak, that includes all of Drastic, that includes all these podcasters like Joe Rogan and the Intellectual Dark Web, that includes all of these people like ICANN and CHD, and includes all of these people.
that say that they are patriots, but actually joined up with this show during the pandemic, that America is truly lost.
Correlation, correlation, correlation, correlation, she says.
There's so many, there's just so many correlations.
We need to look at the crash reports, the people in the vaccine injury compensation program.
Just last year, in 2014, a child was compensated $500,000 because she died after getting the MMR.
This is not controversial.
So what should happen with the crisis of measles outbreak right now in this country?
Are you opposed to children getting the MMR?
I'm pro-choice, Amy.
I'm not anti-vaccine.
That label's thrown around as a way to marginalize people like me.
I'm not anti-vaccine in the slightest.
I'm pro-choice.
I think parents have to make informed choices.
That's the standard of ethical medicine.
So what should happen right now?
Well, look at your titers.
See if you need a measles vaccine if you think you should.
I think in it.
Look at your titers.
She's such an expert on, on vaccination and an expert on, uh, immunology that she already knows that you need to look at your titers.
It's a script.
She doesn't need to know why the script was what it was back then.
She doesn't need to know what the planners of the script knew.
But I guarantee you the people who scripted her, the people who scripted Paul Offit, they're all related to the same mentors.
They're all related to the same mentors that are found in the book called
man and his future.
They're all related to the same mentors that read this book by Erwin Schrodinger, What is Life, Mind and Matter.
They are all part of the same group of people that understands all of this from a multi-generational, we need to take control of the evolution of the species kind of narrative.
And this woman is a willing participant in the governance of America like this.
I guarantee it.
I won't waste too much more time on that.
Just let you know that this is also here.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Hold on one second.
That didn't work the way it was supposed to work.
Here we go.
What is this?
Oh, it's not in there yet.
Hold on one second.
Give me a second, please.
One second, please.
We're just going to slap this in here really quick.
We're going to change its orientation.
Get this over here like this.
Stop it.
Put this up like that.
Put this down over here.
Send it backward like this.
There we go.
Backwards some more.
Where is it?
And then we'll put this up here.
Bring to the front.
And playback should be automatically, but we've got to put that with this one and then remove that one.
And then we go slideshow, current slide.
Here we go.
Democracy Now!, democracynow.org, The War and Peace Report.
I'm Amy Goodman, with Nermeen Shaikh, as we go to Philadelphia, where we're joined by Dr. Paul Offit, professor in the Division of Infectious Diseases and the director of the Vaccine Education Center at the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia.
Dr. Offit is also professor of vaccinology and a professor of pediatrics at the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine.
also the co-inventor of the rotavirus vaccine, Rotatech, recommended for universal use in infants by the CDC, author of numerous books, including Autism's False Prophets, Bad Science, Risky Medicine and the Search for a Cure, and Deadly Choices, How the Anti-Vaccine Movement Threatens Us All.
Well, Dr. Offit, you have heard our show today.
Can you talk about why you feel vaccines are so important?
Well, because they saved our lives.
If you look at how long we lived, say 100 years ago, we lived 30 years less long then than we do today.
So the reason, the main reason for that is vaccines.
We no longer have to see 50,000 children hospitalized and 500 died.
So it's funny that she didn't mention this book that he also wrote, Vaccinated, From Cowpox to mRNA.
The Remarkable Story of Vaccines.
So she didn't actually mention this book, even though this book was written in two, the hardcover edition was published in 2007.
Paul Offit published a book in 2007, one year before, hold on, in 2007 called Vaccinated
From cowpox to mRNA, the remarkable story of the vaccines.
Look at this.
And this is in 2015, and they didn't cite this book.
Did they cite this book?
Did I make a mistake there?
die from measles every year as we did before the vaccine.
We no longer have to see diphtheria as a common killer of teenagers.
Today, can you talk about the rotavirus vaccine, Rotatech, recommended for universal use in infants by the CDC, author of numerous books, including Autism's False Prophets, Bad Science, Risky Medicine in the Search for a Cure, and Deadly Choices, How the Anti-Vaccine Movement Threatens Us All.
Well, Dr. Offit,
What in the Sam hell is this book doing in 2007 already?
Written by Paul Offit.
Is that even possible?
2007 is what?
A couple of years after the second time they announced that the Human Genome Project had been completed?
The second time they celebrated it with a time cover?
And now he's writing a book called Vaccinated, From Cowpox to mRNA, The Remarkable Stories of Vaccines.
And now he's opposite Mary Holland, but they don't mention this one, they mention these two.
Just curious, just gets curious.
The rotavirus vaccine is oral, of course it is.
Of course it is, Mark, of course it is.
You have heard our show today.
Can you talk about why you feel vaccines are so important?
Well, because they saved our lives.
If you look at how long we lived, say, 100 years ago, we lived 30 years less long then than we do today.
So the main reason for that is vaccines.
I got to say, I want to put my fingers in that hair.
Look at how much body it has.
Like, you just want to go.
Wow, that's a beautiful head of hair.
We no longer have to see 50,000 children hospitalized and 500 die from measles every year as we did before the vaccine.
We no longer have to see diphtheria as a common killer of teenagers.
We no longer have to see 20,000 children suffer severe and permanent defects caused by rubella virus, so-called German measles virus.
We no longer have to see
children die or suffer permanent disability from bacterial meningitis from diseases like meningococcus, pneumococcus, haemophilus influenzae type A. Vaccines, I think, are the single best preventive measure that we've ever had.
That's interesting that he mentions Hib there, because Hib was a nasty vaccine, which was actually a ditheriotoxin antigen tied to a very tiny part of the Hib
Hib bacteria cell wall or some shit like that.
So it was a nasty vaccine that was pulled from the market.
And so it's an interesting thing for him to mention here.
It's too much for this show, but anyway, just to let you know that I'm not completely off.
The problem as clearly reflected by your previous caller is that we don't appreciate them.
I think vaccines are a victim of their own success and they're obviously being blamed for things that they don't cause.
Well, what about the issue of the connection between MMR and problems in children?
Our last guest, Mary Holland, talked about her own son, who ended up with autism, and she feels there was a direct connection between MMR and autism.
Now, don't forget that in 2013, Brian Hooker, Mary Holland's colleague at Children's Health Defense currently, did not use the word autism to describe what happened to his son after vaccination, didn't like the word autism.
His son was vaccine damaged, neurologically injured by toxicity.
So it's interesting that Mary Holland here is very much
represented as and accepting the idea that her son has some kind of regressive autism, which in 2025, apparently according to the Maha movement is now profound autism.
Go ahead, Paul.
I think it's perfectly reasonable for a parent to ask the question, my child was fine, they got a vaccine, then they weren't fine anymore.
Could the vaccine have done it?
And as Ms.
Hollins argued, it is a temporal connection, but it's not a causal connection.
I mean, there have now been 14 studies done looking at hundreds of thousands of children who either did or did not receive the MMR vaccine, and the results have been clear and consistent and reproducible.
MMR vaccine does not increase your risk of autism.
All you do by choosing not to get an MMR vaccine is increase your risk of getting measles, mumps, or rubella.
You know, what is upsetting to me about this, and I honestly think the last 10 minutes of your program set a new record for consecutive statements that were incorrect, is that when you do the science, when you do these excellent, retrospective, huge studies that answer the question that people don't believe them,
And the reason Ms.
Holla doesn't believe him is she's a conspiracy theorist.
I mean, listen to what she says.
There's this guy who was a fraud and then there's this whistleblower at the CDC.
I mean, there are 14 studies on three continents involving hundreds of thousands of children.
Is she claiming that?
It is possible that there was a whistleblower at the CDC that instigated the whole, you know, promotion of Paul Offit and the promotion of Mary Holland.
And all of that is possible.
It's possible because Brian Hooker didn't use the word autism in 2013.
And Brian Hooker is the one who talked to this William Thompson guy.
So it is remotely possible that at some point, a 16-year geneticist and transforming and transfecting plants to make medicines
Brian Hooker actually had a vaccine-injured kid, didn't use the word autism, was trying to fight for truth, and got recruited into this two years later under the auspices of Mary Holland, and started using the word autism because he thought that he would accept this as this is the way forward.
I mean, after all, she's gotten on TV, she's gotten on Democracy Now!, she's from Columbia Law University.
Maybe she's got a better idea of how to do this than I do.
It could very well easily be, ladies and gentlemen, that at one point in time Brian Hooker was a legit good guy.
If there is a massive international conspiracy to hide the truth, I think she is.
And that's what makes her, to me, a classic anti-vaccine person.
Well, what about the issue, for example, of the combined vaccine, the MMR, measles, mumps, rubella, the argument for separating them?
And what was thewhy were they put together?
Talk about how vaccines came to be what they are and why they are mandated or not mandated in this country.
Right, so the measles vaccine was developed in 1963, the mumps vaccine in 67, there was a second measles vaccine, the last best vaccine in 60... Notice that's not centuries ago.
68, and then we had the rubella vaccine in 69.
In 1971, those three vaccines were put together because you could.
Because you could do it safely, as was proven, that when you combine those vaccines, that you didn't interfere with or change the safety profile or immunogenicity profile of those vaccines when they were given separately.
So now you had to give one shot instead of three.
Now we have a two-dose vaccine.
interesting that at this time, it's pretty much one of the only subcutaneous vaccines on the list.
Although it is allowed to give it intramuscularly, it is recommended or described primarily as a subcutaneous vaccine.
And so again, the imprecision is found on both sides of the script by design.
That's how you can see it's a script.
If he wanted to win, his precision would progress across this decade.
But
It hasn't.
If Mary Holland and Children's Health Defense or any of these people were on a legit path to victory, they would have progressed by now, but they haven't.
And that's why you know it is not real.
So that means you give two doses instead of six.
There's no reason to separate those vaccines out because all you do by separating them out is increase the number of shots without in any way changing the safety profile.
In terms of mandates, your question about mandates, I think you're starting to see why it is that mandates are so important.
There is no good reason to choose not to get a vaccine.
If you're choosing not to get a vaccine, then you're basing it on a misperception or a series of false beliefs, as Ms.
Holland has about vaccines.
She says, for example, that vaccines are never tested together.
Of course they're tested together.
You cannot put a new vaccine on the schedule without proving that your vaccine doesn't interfere with the safety and immunogenicity profile of existing vaccines and vice versa.
Those are called concomitant use studies.
Ms.
Holland says that there have been no studies looking at sort of relatively
Oh, what a great idea.
We should have a gong.
That would be wonderful, wouldn't it?
It would be wonderful.
Ladies and gentlemen, I think I'm gonna play out the show right now so I can make it to the gym on time.
It wasn't exactly what I had planned.
I have like 30 more slides and two more videos, but I guess I'm getting out of touch with what it takes to do two hours.
I apologize for being absent, but please understand that as I try to develop and progress in the sort of,
the broadcasts that I do and pivot away from, you know, trying to save very many more people from this trap because the trap is basically closing now.
And I move on to teaching the biology and the virology in a way that I think is more genuine and, and acknowledges the irreducible complexity in the background.
It's going to take me some time to do it.
I'm doing a lot, a lot, a lot, a lot, a lot of work behind the scenes.
And so if you are at all, sort of, you know, want to know what we're doing here, this book was recently sent to me.
It's an absolutely fabulous book.
called A Symposium on the Chemical Basis of Heredity.
Most importantly in the index, there are just some spectacular citations in the index of this book.
And let me see if that's gonna do it.
And then if I do this, and then if I do this, the index of this book is crazy because Julian Huxley's here,
Francis Crick is here and, of course, Joshua Lederberg represented on many, many pages.
And so you can imagine that this book, not being very thin, is quite a challenge to try and digest.
And so it's slow progress.
Whoops, wrong camera.
It's slow progress, especially because I have amazing supporters and viewers who occasionally send some crazy
books my way.
This is called A Symposium on the Chemical Basis of Heredity, edited by William McElroy and Bentley Glass.
I'll just try and do a quick cut over here.
I don't know if that'll work.
I might have to blank it out.
That might help you a little bit there, Christy.
And yeah, it's a neat book.
I'm very happy about it.
I'm also going to start taking some of these PDFs that Mark is producing and also mirroring them on my website, including this book, Hypodermic Injections.
It's a wonderful book.
I'm going to start reading it, I think, this week as part of Biology 101 because it's really just shocking.
You can really hear it.
And incidentally, I also have a German version of this book, which also kind of puts forward the idea.
Let me see how I cut over here really quick.
And cut, yes.
Puts forward the idea that really, we didn't have the requisite knowledge to understand how preposterous it was that we were gonna start putting stuff in us using hypodermic needles all under the pretense that it didn't seem to hurt.
And you might think that I'm going short through the corner there, but I'm really actually not.
Ladies and gentlemen, Paul Offit is a meddler.
That's the best that I can characterize him.
He is a meddler, and I'm going to try and play you out with one of the songs.
I discovered this song, I didn't know it.
I'd never heard it before, and I was watching a BBC special of Joni, and the BBC special ended with this show, and it's a song, and it's just a spectacular song.
So I want to leave you with this song.
If you're already familiar with it, of course, you're like, oh yeah, dodgy.
But for me, it's new.
And since it's new, I hope you enjoy it as much as I did and do.
Thanks for being here, and I'll see you again tomorrow.
Rows and flows of angel hair And ice cream castles in the air And feather canyons everywhere I've looked at clouds that weep
They rain and snow on everyone So many things I would have done But clouds got in my way
I've looked at clouds from both sides now and up and down and still somehow it's cloud illusions.
I recall I really don't know clouds at all.
feel as every fairy tale comes real i've looked at love that way but now it's just another show you leave them laughing when you go and if you care don't let them know don't give
I've looked at love from both sides now, from give and take And still somehow it's love's illusions I recall I really don't know love at all
Tears and fears and feeling proud Just say I love you right out loud Dreams and schemes and circus crowds I've looked at life that way
but now old friends are acting strange they shake their heads they say i've changed well something's lost but something's gained
I've looked at life from both sides now, then win and lose, and still somehow it's life's illusions I recall.
I really don't know life.
I've looked at life from both sides now, from up and down And still somehow it's life's illusions I recall I really don't know life at all
you